Add context for config via file (#707)
memgraph/documentation: pages/configuration/configuration-settings.mdx

| --data-recovery-on-startup=true               | Facilitates recovery of one or more individual databases and their contents during startup. Replaces `--storage-recover-on-startup`                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `[bool]`   |
| --delta-chain-cache-threshold=128             | The minimum number of deltas worth caching when rebuilding a certain object's state. Useful when executing parallel transactions dependant on changes of a frequently changed graph object, to lower CPU usage. Must be a positive non-zero integer.                                                                                                         | `[uint64]` |

> | --flag-file                                   | Path to the file with configurations, overrides the default values                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `[string]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --flag-file                                   | Path to the additional configuration file, overrides the default configuration settings.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `[string]` |
```

|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| MEMGRAPH_USER     | Username                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `[string]` |
| MEMGRAPH_PASSWORD | User password                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `[string]` |
| MEMGRAPH_PASSFILE | Path to file that contains username and password for creating user. Data in file should be in format `username:password` if your username or password contains  `:` just add `\` before for example `us\:ername:password` | `[string]` |

> | MEMGRAPH_CONFIG   | Path to the configuration file.                                                                                                                                                                                           | `[string]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MEMGRAPH_CONFIG   | Path to the additional configuration file.                                                                                                                                                                                           | `[string]` |
```
